[WIP] IPv4/IPv6 dual stack docs (#14600)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking.md

or stand-alone.  In either version, it doesn't require any configuration or extra code
to run, and in both cases, the network provides one IP address per pod - as is standard for Kubernetes.

## IPv4/IPv6 dual stack

{{< feature-state state="alpha" >}}
{{< warning >}}Alpha features change rapidly. {{< /warning >}}

> IPv4/IPv6 dual stack enabled Kubernetes clusters allow the assignment of both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses simulatenously which enables the following capabilities:

Reviewer: there is a bit of phrasing issue with `enable kubernetes cluster allow`.

Author: I re-read this and the complete sentence seems okay. Could you provide an alternative that makes it more clear?

Reviewer 2: I reckon this fine to leave as-is, then.

   * Awareness of multiple IPv4/IPv6 address assignments per Pod
   * Native IPv4-to-IPv4 in parallel with IPv6-to-IPv6 communications to, from, and within a cluster

Details on the implementation of this feature may be found in the [IPv4/IPv6 dual stack KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-network/20180612-ipv4-ipv6-dual-stack.md)

### Supported Features

Enabling IPv4/IPv6 dual stack on a Kubernetes cluster enables the following features:

   * Dual stack Pod networking (multi-IP Pod)

>    * Kubenet multi address familiy support (IPv4 and IPv6)

Reviewer 2: I noticed that this page doesn't have kubenet in the alphabetical list above; is that worth fixing?

Author: I also noticed that but feel it's out of scope of this PR. Would you be interested in fixing?

   * Egress Pod Internet routing via IPv4/IPv6 addresses

### Prerequisites

The following prerequisites are needed in order to utilize IPv4/IPv6 dual stack Kubernetes clusters:

   * Provider support for dual stack networking (Cloud provider or otherwise must be able to provide Kubernetes nodes with routable IPv4/IPv6 network interfaces)
   * Kubenet network plugin

### Enable IPv4/IPv6 dual stack

> To enable IPv4/IPv6 dual stack, the following modifications must be made to the following cluster componenets:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable IPv4/IPv6 dual stack, you should add command line options for two cluster components:
```

Author: Good suggestion. I will reword

   * kube-controller-manager:

>       * `--feature-gates="IPv6DualStack=true"`

Reviewer: As we move to changing `kube-proxy` we will ask users to enable the feature gate there as well. Might worth just saying `enable the feature gate on all components`

Author: I would rather only call out the affected components to avoid feature-gate sprawl.

      * `--cluster-cidr=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>` eg. `--cluster-cidr=10.244.0.0/16,fc00::/24`
   * kubelet:
      * `--feature-gates="IPv6DualStack=true"`

### Validate IPv4/IPv6 dual stack

### Known Issues

> 

Reviewer 2: I suggest highlighting these with a caution shortcode, eg:
```suggestion
{{< caution >}}Currently, there are some issues that affect dual-stack networking.{{< /caution > }}
```

Author: I feel this is superfluous and will be subject to change over time. Have you seen this against other alpha features in the docs? If so, can you point me at examples

Reviewer 2: I hope these _do_ change over time, and then it'll be OK not to highlight this information. I don't know if there's a convention for doing that, I think it depends on how much the issue is likely to catch readers out.

   * Cluster IPv6 CIDR mask larger than /24 will fail

>    * IPv6 cidr assignment is using the default ipv4 cidr /24

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * IPv6 network block assignment is using the default IPv4 cidr block size (/24)
```

or stand-alone.  In either version, it doesn't require any configuration or extra code
to run, and in both cases, the network provides one IP address per pod - as is standard for Kubernetes.

## IPv4/IPv6 dual stack

{{< feature-state state="alpha" >}}
{{< warning >}}Kubernetes' implementation of dual-stack networking is in flux. You may well find that the design is changed in future releases.{{< /warning >}}

IPv4/IPv6 dual stack enabled Kubernetes clusters allow the assignment of both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses simulatenously which enables the following capabilities:

   * Awareness of multiple IPv4/IPv6 address assignments per Pod
   * Native IPv4-to-IPv4 in parallel with IPv6-to-IPv6 communications to, from, and within a cluster

> Details on the implementation of this feature may be found in the [IPv4/IPv6 dual stack KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-network/20180612-ipv4-ipv6-dual-stack.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can read the [IPv4/IPv6 dual stack KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-network/20180612-ipv4-ipv6-dual-stack.md) to learn about how this feature is implemented.
```
?

   * Egress Pod Internet routing via IPv4/IPv6 addresses

### Prerequisites

The following prerequisites are needed in order to utilize IPv4/IPv6 dual stack Kubernetes clusters:

   * Provider support for dual stack networking (Cloud provider or otherwise must be able to provide Kubernetes nodes with routable IPv4/IPv6 network interfaces)
   * Kubenet network plugin

### Enable IPv4/IPv6 dual stack

To enable IPv4/IPv6 dual stack, the following flags must added to these cluster componenets:

   * kube-controller-manager:
      * `--feature-gates="IPv6DualStack=true"`
      * `--cluster-cidr=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>` eg. `--cluster-cidr=10.244.0.0/16,fc00::/24`
   * kubelet:
      * `--feature-gates="IPv6DualStack=true"`

### Validate IPv4/IPv6 dual stack

Validate IPv4/IPv6 Pod CIDRs have been assigned on a dual stack enabled node by running the following command. There should be a single IPv4 and IPv6 CIDR allocated (replace node name with a valid node from the cluster. In this example the node name is k8s-linuxpool1-34450317-0):

```shell
kubectl get nodes k8s-linuxpool1-34450317-0 -o go-template --template='{{range .spec.podCIDRs}}{{printf "%s\n" .}}{{end}}'
10.244.1.0/24

> a00:100::/24

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fd00:db8::/24
```
This is a local (RFC 4193) IPv6 address block.

If the implementation already worked OK with /32 blocks, I would re `2001:DB8::/32` because `2001:DB8::/32` is reserved for documentation use.
